[MUSIC PLAYING]
SPEAKER: Have you heard
the term "hoisting" before?
JavaScript does it, and
it's a fun word to say--
hoisting.
But what actually is it?
So let's try and
clear things up.
When you declare a function in
JavaScript, they are hoisted.
This means that the
function name and the body
are added to the
current function scope
before execution begins.
Basically, the first function a
can call the second function b
even though the second function
comes after the first function.
Actually, you can even invoke
the function a right above
where it is declared
because of hoisting.
Now the important
thing to note is
that the variable declarations
with const and let
are not hoisted and
scoped to the block.
So while storing a
function in the variable
is often seen as semantically
equivalent to using a named
function, it is not.
In this example, the code
would fail because the const
and let are not hoisted.
And without hoisting, the
order of declaration matters.
Admittedly, hoisting
can be a bit confusing.
But now you know how
it works, and you
can make an informed
decision when
to use these two ways
of declaring a function.
Got it?
Good.
See you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Do I expect you to talk?
No, Mr. Bond, I expect you
to develop and subscribe.